Readme (#1)
pitag-ha/cardio-crumble: README.md

```shell
$ dune exec bin/main.exe list_devices
number of devices: 2               
device 0
      name: HAPAX
 interface: CoreMIDI
     input: true
    output: false
device 1
      name: HAPAX
 interface: CoreMIDI
     input: false
    output: true
```

You can see that you have one `output` device (which is a device you can send MIDI data to). We will use it going forward (so `device_id` should be `1`!)

Now running `cardio-crumble` is pretty straightforward!
```shell
dune exec -- bin/main.exe stat_engine --device_id=1 _build/default/test_executable/main.exe
```

We are now running `cardio-crumble` on a convenient test executable (located in `cardio-crumble`'s source tree), and if anything goes well, you should be hearing music from your synthesizer!

Do note that if the program you are running cardio-crumble on needs to be passed parameters as well, you need to make sure you properly segment your command line call, so that `dune` knows to which program a parameter belongs:

```shell
dune exec -- bin/main.exe stat_engine --device_id=1 --bpm=60 -- my_program -- my_program_parameters
```

### Engines and optional parameters

> There exists current two engines in cardio-crumble:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently two engines in cardio-crumble:
```

- `stat_engine` will aggregate MIDI events into a buffer, and will rhytmically output notes onto the MIDI device by measuring which events were the most important in a given time slice.
- `simple_engine` will output events as they are processed, with a simple mapping. (one event received = one note emitted.)

Each engines possess their own set of optional parameters to further tune the behavior of cardio-crumble (and as such, the amazing composition you are working on!).

You can list there by running the `cardio-crumble` executable with an engine name, followed by the `--help` option.

```shell
dune exec bin/main.exe -- stat_engine --help
```

Notable options:

> - `--scale` Allows you to select a musical [scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale_(music)) to which `cardio-crumble` will stick to when generating notes. Available options are `minor`, `blue`, `major`, and the experimental `nice` scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--scale` Allows you to select a musical [scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scale_(music)) to which `cardio-crumble` will stick to when generating notes. Available options are `minor`, `blue`, `major`, and the ~~...nice...~~ experimental `nice` scale.
```

Does `~~` work in README's?
